hey everybody its Stacie at the chirping
cricket blog spot.com
and I have a quick video for you just
wanted to share something that I made a
week or so ago I had been watching pink
cricket YouTube channel which is Sara
Hamer she also has it's actually my pink
cricket I believe is for your YouTube
YouTube channel but she also has a blog
at pink cricket comm and she has a lot
of interesting videos some really cool
ideas of things to make and such and
this was one of them that I thought
looked extremely easy something that I
could do so for a great tutorial you
need to go and check out her channel and
get a tutorial because mine's already
made and she shows you how to do it as
she's making it with a lot of kind of
shortcuts that I may not have even
thought of even as far as cutting the
strips of fabric but I'll give you the
basics of what you need to know I
started out with a Styrofoam wreath from
Joanne's I think it was around $5 I just
got the biggest one that they had and
then I decided I wanted to do a spring
slash Easter kind of wreath and so I
picked out four fabrics that I thought
were pretty eastery springy colors easy
enough and I just got a half yard of
each which is what Sarah had suggested
so I picked out four colors got a half
yard of each and then she also mentioned
in her video that she puts some tulle in
her wreath just to kind of add some
texture so I picked up some pink and
white tulle as well just to add some of
that into my wreath and she like I said
kind of gives really good ideas on how
to even fold your fabric and what not to
cut it this is just
what I had leftover and I put the fold
on the end here and had all of my fabric
just the fold that it comes off of the
I'm not gonna be able to think of the
word not the spool but essentially this
fool had the fold over on this side and
had all my fabric stretching out and as
she had suggested I just kept folding it
up in halves until I got to about this
size and then took my scissors and cut
strips about an inch maybe a little over
an inch wide I guess you can kind of do
whatever size you really want to do and
when you unfold after you cut it right
here when you unfold it you'll have two
strips and it's just a quicker way
rather than going the whole length of
the fabric cutting a line by folding it
you have a very short distance to go and
you get your strips a lot faster so my
strips were about like this these are
just some of the ones I had leftover so
I cut this was what was left of my half
yard and it turned out to be about
perfect I had maybe one or two strips
leftover of my fabric so the size I was
going and I tied mine very very tightly
on my wreath I say tightly meaning very
close together
I kept squishing them around and like
you know pulling them and pushing them
together to get them as tight as
possible you can see on the the back
here it's completely covered and they're
overlapping and I just kept pushing so
that none of the styrofoam would show
through and see here's even some I
haven't even turned it over really after
I after I had finished tying all of them
on there and felt that I was finished I
started trimming them because they were
a little long and I wanted them to have
more of an angled cut at the end and
they were just too long so I just
started pulling them up and snipping
away and just have continued to do that
as I've messed around with it I've found
some longer pieces and
what not again but it was too much of a
hassle to do that kind of as I went for
me maybe that's something that somebody
else would find helpful to do as you
went but I figured if I did it at the
end they would all be the same size
because I would it's not given a haircut
I'll not cut a little here and then
later two days later come over here and
cut some I want to do it all at the same
time so I remember what the length was
um so anyway I just tied it like I went
in a pattern she said that she also went
in a pattern so I just kept going the
same pattern all the way around adding
less tool I mean I had tool at the end
of each pattern but the first I think I
went for example I tied a green one a
blue and a purple one and a pink one and
then I would tie a white tool and then I
would do the pattern again green blue
purple pink and then I would tie pink
tool and then I would repeat that so it
was basically a pattern of ten instead
of just four or five I don't know if
that really makes sense but anyway so I
thought it turned out pretty easy I mean
it was relatively cheap to make it's
something I can get out year after year
and hang on my door for that holiday I
also thought it would be a really cute
idea they have even smaller foam wreaths
that I think would be cute to maybe do
like a birthday one if you can find some
fabric with balloons or cakes or
whatever on them cupcakes or something
and do a fabric wreath like that that's
smaller that you can hang or even the
size really but that you can hang on
your child's door for the week of their
birthday or something like that just
something that's special just kind of a
tradition thing maybe to start I don't
know but it was easy enough to make and
I thought was fun enough that you know I
don't know just an idea just thought I
would share definitely if you're
interested go and check out Sarah's
video on it and I'll link it below
underneath the video but she has a great
tutorial on it because I know I
kind of just rushed through that I just
wanted to get the idea out there in case
you have not seen her video or have not
seen this idea yeah I know it's kind of
common so most of you have probably
heard of it but so anyway check it out
and maybe start a tradition with your
kids or just make an Easter wreath or
fall wreath or whatever so alright
thanks everybody